1960
TO KILL A Mockingbird
by Harpist Lee

PART ONE

Chapter 1
When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the
elbow. When it healed, and Jem's fears of never being able to play football were
assuaged, he was seldom self-conscious about his injury. His left arm was
somewhat shorter than his right; when he stood or walked, the back of his hand
was at right angles to his body, his thumb parallel to his thigh. He couldn't have
cared less, so long as he could pass and punt.
When enough years had gone by to enable us to look back on them, we
sometimes discussed the events leading to his accident. I maintain that the Ewells
started it all, but Jem, who was four years my senior, said it started long before
that. He said it began the summer Dill came to us, when Dill first gave us the idea
of making Boo Radley come out.
I said if he wanted to take a broad view of the thing, it really began with Andrew
Jackson. If General Jackson hadn't run the Creeks up the creek, Simon Finch
would never have paddled up the Alabama, and where would we be if he hadn't?

We were far too old to settle an argument with a fist-fight, so we consulted
Atticus. Our father said we were both right.
Being Southerners, it was a source of shame to some members of the family that
we had no recorded antecedents on either side of the Battle of Hastings. All we had
was Simon Finch, a fur-trapping apothecary from Cornwall whose piousness was
exceeded only by his stinginess. In England, Simon was irritated by the
persecution of those who called themselves Methodists at the hands of their more
liberal brethren, and as Simon called himself a Methodist, he worked his way
across the Atlantic to Philadelphia, thence to Jamaica, thence to Mobile, and up
the Saint Stephens. Mindful of John Wesley's strictures on the use of many words
in buying and selling, Simon made a pile practicing medicine, but in this pursuit
he was unhappy lest he be tempted into doing what he knew was not for the glory
of God, as the putting on of gold and costly apparel. So Simon, having forgotten
his teacher's dictum on the possession of human chattels, bought three slaves and
with their aid established a homestead on the banks of the Alabama River some
xl miles above Saint Stephens. He returned to Saint Stephens only once, to find
a wife, and with her established a line that ran high to daughters. Simon lived to
an impressive age and died rich.
It was customary for the men in the family to remain on Simon's homestead,
Finch's Landing, and make their living from cotton. The place was self-sufficient:
modest in comparison with the empires around it, the Landing nevertheless
produced everything required to sustain life except ice, wheat flour, and articles
of clothing, supplied by river-boats from Mobile.
Simon would have regarded with impotent fury the disturbance between the North
and the South, as it left his descendants stripped of everything but their land, yet
the tradition of living on the land remained unbroken until well into the twentieth
century, when my father, Atticus